Vast Cotton Starfish

high

# The rebalance executor can take large amounts of vault shares even without any underlying assets

## Summary

A malicious rebalance behavior can enable a vault's rebalance executor to acquire large amounts of vault shares.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's consider the following scenario:

1. The current state:
    - Pool: `reserve0 = z, reserve1 = 2z`
    - Vault: `totalSupply = s`
    - Oracle: `price = 2`
2. The malicious rebalance executor of the vault calls the `ArrakisStandardManager.rebalance()` function with the selector of the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function. In the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function, it is expected that the executor withdraws all assets from the pool, swaps some tokens through the `router_` contract, and deposits all assets back into the pool.

```solidity
            (bool success,) = router_.call(payload_);
```
3. The parameter `router_` is supposed to be the `RouterSwapExecutor` contract, but the executor can set it to a malicious contract. In the malicious contract, the executor doesn't swap the tokens and instead drains an amount `z` of `token1` and deposits it through the `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.swapAndAddLiquidity()` function (swapping `z/2` of `token1` to `z/4` of token0). As a result, during the swap router call, the state becomes:
    - Pool: `reserve0 = z/4, reserve1 = z/2`
    - Executor's share: `s/4`
    - Vault: `totalSupply = s + s/4 = 5s/4`
4. At the end of the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function, the state will become:
    - Pool: `reserve0 = z/4 + z = 5z/4, reserve1 = z/2 + z = 3z/2`
    - Executor's share: `s/4`
    - Vault: `totalSupply = 5s/4`

Through this rebalancing scenario, the executor can unfairly acquire vault shares, and the exchange rate of the pool tokens has changed from `1:2` to `5/4:3/2`.

The scenario includes two slippage checks:

1. The `maxDeviation` check for the price:
    - During the withdraw and deposit operations, the `_ammState` of the `HOT` contract is not modified, so the price of the pool remains unchanged, and the `maxDeviation` check passes.
2. The `maxSlippagePIPS` check for the total underlying of the vault:
    - The drained `token1` is deposited back into the pool by the `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.swapAndAddLiquidity()` function, and there is no change in the price, so the total underlying value of the vault remains unchanged.

## Impact

A malicious rebalance executor can inequitably acquire a portion of vault shares.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisStandardManager.sol#L322-L421

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/abstracts/ValantisHOTModule.sol#L326-L416

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to include a check for the `router_` parameter to be the `RouterSwapExecutor` contract, as well as a check to verify the final exchange rate of the pool's tokens at the end of the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function execution.