Macho Brick Pelican

high

# A malicious rebalance executor can illegally siphon off assets through the rebalancing process.

## Summary

A malicious vault rebalance executor can illegally siphon off assets by calling the `ValantisHOTModule::swap` function and providing a malicious swap router contract parameter, during the rebalancing process.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's consider the following scenario:

1. The malicious executor of a public vault invokes the `ArrakisStandardManager::rebalance` function. This will then trigger the execution of certain module functions. The executor can specifically call the `ValantisHOTModule::swap` function by appropriately setting the `payloads_` parameter.

```solidity
376         (bool success,) = address(module).call(payloads_[i]);
```

2. Within the `ValantisHOTModule::swap` function, there is a swap operation facilitated by the `router_` parameter. The malicious executor sets this `router_` parameter to a malicious contract, instead of the legitimate `RouterSwapExecutor`. This allows the executor to illegally siphon off some of the `token0` or `token1` assets through the malicious `router_` contract.

```solidity
376         (bool success,) = router_.call(payload_);
```

The rebalancing procedure includes two safeguards - a `maxDeviation` check on the asset price, and a `maxSlippagePIPS` check on the total asset value of the pool. However, within the `ValantisHOTModule::swap` function, the token withdrawal and deposit operations do not alter the `_ammState`. As a result, the price remains unchanged, allowing the `maxDeviation` check to be easily satisfied.

Exploiting these blind spots in the rebalancing controls, a malicious executor can illicitly siphon off assets from the pool, up to `maxSlippagePIPS` of the total asset value of the pool. This vulnerability poses a serious risk to the security and integrity of the pool's funds.

## Impact

A malicious rebalance executor can illegally siphon off assets through the rebalancing process.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisStandardManager.sol#L322-L421

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/abstracts/ValantisHOTModule.sol#L326-L416

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The `ValantisHOTModule::swap` function should include a validation check to ensure the `router_` parameter is set to the legitimate `RouterSwapExecutor` contract.