Merry Yellow Osprey

medium

# Private vault NFT sale can be front-run to withdraw the funds

## Summary

A malicious owner of a private vault can withdraw all funds before selling the corresponding ownership NFT. This can lead to the sale of an empty vault, defrauding the buyer.


## Vulnerability Detail

In the `ArrakisMetaVaultPrivate` contract, ownership of the vault is represented by an NFT and it can be sold on the secondary market, effectively transferring ownership of the vault and its funds to the buyer: [README.md#L86-L88](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/64a7dc6ccb5de2824870474a9f35fd3386669e89/arrakis-modular/docs/README.md?plain=1#L86-L88).
But a malicious seller can exploit the system by front-running and withdrawing all funds from the vault just before the NFT transfer is finalized, leaving the buyer with an empty vault: [ArrakisMetaVaultPrivate.sol#L63-L80](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/64a7dc6ccb5de2824870474a9f35fd3386669e89/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisMetaVaultPrivate.sol#L63-L80).

### Scenario

1. The owner of the private vault initiates a sale of the ownership NFT on a secondary market.
2. Before the NFT transfer is completed, the owner front-runs a call to the `ArrakisMetaVaultPrivate::withdraw` function to withdraw all funds from the vault.
3. The buying transaction gets through, and the buyer receives an empty vault.

## Impact

Buyers can be defrauded by purchasing what they believe is a fully funded vault, only to find it empty. This undermines the trust in the system and can lead to substantial financial losses for buyers.

## Code Snippet

- [ArrakisMetaVaultPrivate.sol#L63-L80](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/64a7dc6ccb5de2824870474a9f35fd3386669e89/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisMetaVaultPrivate.sol#L63-L80)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement a timelock that prevents withdrawals shortly before and after the NFT ownership transfer.