Spare Wintergreen Crow

medium

# Minting to Zero Address Causes Revert During Initial Supply Setup

## Summary
The `mint` function in the contract is designed to mint shares of a vault position and deposit corresponding token amounts to a specified receiver. However, the function attempts to mint` MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` tokens to the zero address `(address(0))` when the total `supply` is zero. This results in a revert due to the `_mint` function's check against minting to the zero address, causing the transaction to fail and preventing proper initialization.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
if (supply == 0) {
    _mint(address(0), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY);
    shares_ = shares_ - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
}
```

```solidity
function _mint(address account, uint256 value) internal {
    if (account == address(0)) {
        revert ERC20InvalidReceiver(address(0));
    }
    _update(address(0), account, value);
}
```

This design causes the `mint` function to fail when attempting to mint to the zero address, preventing proper initialization of the contract.
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is significant as it prevents the contract from correctly initializing the minimum liquidity, which is essential for the proper functioning of the vault. This issue can halt the minting process, leading to a denial of service for users trying to interact with the contract.
## Code Snippet
[function mint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisMetaVaultPublic.sol#L64)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To resolve this issue, the `mint` function should be modified to mint the initial `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` to the contract address itself `(address(this))` instead of the zero address. This approach ensures that the tokens are accounted for and effectively locked within the contract, avoiding the revert and allowing proper initialization.

```solidity
 if (supply == 0) {
        _mint(address(this), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY); // Mint to the contract address
        shares_ = shares_ - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
    }
```