Noisy Ultraviolet Kangaroo

high

# setModule is not compatible with ValantisHOTModulePublic.

## Summary

After resetting the new module, since `notFirstDeposit` is false, the manager will mistakenly treat the amount in the pool as the dust amount. Additionally, new users will use incorrect reserve values to add liquidity.

## Vulnerability Detail

When setting a new module, the executor first transfers the amount from the pool to the new module and when module created initlize notFirstDeposit to false. Then it calls initializePosition to transfer the amount to the pool, but notFirstDeposit remains false.

This results in the module mistakenly treating the amount in the pool as the dust amount when a user makes a deposit. The module will incorrectly send the amount to the manager. If the amount in the pool exceeds the `_init` amount, a user can acquire a large number of shares with a very small deposit.

Even if the manager later redistributes the amount based on shares or reinvests it into the pool, the attacker can still profit.

Consider the following scenario:

1. The malicious executor calls `setModule` to reset to a new module, then calls `initializePosition` to reinvest the funds into the SovereignPool.

2. The malicious executor immediately calls `ArrakisMetaVaultPublic.mint` to initiate a deposit. Since `notFirstDeposit` is false, `ValantisModulePublic.deposit` will assume the amounts of token0 and token1 in the SovereignPool are `_init0` and `_init1`, respectively.

3. If the total amount in the SovereignPool is much greater than `_init0` and `_init1`, the attacker can acquire a large number of shares with a very small deposit. At this point, even if the attacker mints shares equal to twice the supply, the amount spent will only be 2 * `_init0`/`_init1`.

4. Additionally, `ValantisModulePublic.deposit` will withdraw all amounts from the pool and send them to the manager.

 ```solidity
               (uint256 _amt0, uint256 _amt1) = pool.getReserves();
   
               if (!notFirstDeposit) {
                   if (_amt0 > 0 || _amt1 > 0) {
                       // #region send dust on pool to manager.
   
                       address manager = metaVault.manager();
   
                       alm.withdrawLiquidity(_amt0, _amt1, manager, 0, 0);
   
                       // #endregion send dust on pool to manager.
                   }
   
                   _amt0 = _init0;
                   _amt1 = _init1;
                   notFirstDeposit = true;
               }
   ```

5. Now, the manager has discovered that there is a significant increase in funds in the account and has identified the reason. They want to distribute it back to users based on their share ratio or return it to the pool. Attackers with a large share can thus gain a corresponding amount of money.



## Impact

Everyone loses their amount and the attacker can profit from it

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/64a7dc6ccb5de2824870474a9f35fd3386669e89/arrakis-modular/src/abstracts/ValantisHOTModule.sol#L133-L151

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Override `setModule` in `ValantisHOTModulePublic.sol` to set `notFirstDeposit` to true before calling `super.setModule`.