Tricky Alabaster Panda

high

# `setPriceBounds` is not timelocked, so malicious executor can steal funds

## Summary

The [Valantis docs](https://docs.valantis.xyz/hot/risks-and-trust-assumptions/roles/sot-liquidity-provider) state the following:
> Liquidity Providers should implement a Timelock before calling the setPriceBounds function in the HOT. Without proper Timelocks, [malicious price-bound attacks ](https://docs.valantis.xyz/hot/risks-and-trust-assumptions/threats/malicious-price-bound-threat)could become possible.

A malicious executor can atomically set the price bounds of the HOT, allowing them to profit via an atomic sandwich attack.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `ArrakisStandardManager`'s `rebalance()` function allows the `executor` role to call arbitrary `payloads_`  on the `ValantisHOTModule`  linked to a specific meta-vault.

The `executor` is a restricted role, so is not trusted.

The `executor` can use the `ArrakisStandardManager`'s `rebalance()` function to call `setPriceBounds()` on the module, which changes the price bounds of the `HOT` contract. This occurs without any timelock, while the docs state that a timelock should be used to prevent attacks.

### Attack Steps:
Since the price bounds can be changed atomically, by a malicious executor, they can perform the following attack:

1. Manipulate the spot price of the pool by swapping a significant amount in 1 direction.
2. Set the price bounds very tightly around this manipulated spot price.
3. Swap back in the other direction.

Using this sequence of events atomically, the liquidity provider can buy the pool's tokens at a significant discount.

## Impact
Loss of funds for LPs, stolen funds by malicious executor

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/64a7dc6ccb5de2824870474a9f35fd3386669e89/arrakis-modular/src/abstracts/ValantisHOTModule.sol#L303-L315

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider timelocking the access to `setPriceBounds()` from the executor, since they are a restricted role.

Note that the malicious executor could still sandwich the timelock execution to carry out the same exploit, so further protection is likely needed.