Deep Green Ant

high

# A malicious rebalancing process can `significantly` alter the ratio between the amounts of `token0` and `token1` held in the pool.

## Summary

Malicious vault rebalance executors can substantially manipulate the actual market price of the pool's assets through the rebalancing process.

## Vulnerability Detail

The executor of a public vault can call any function of the `ValantisHOTModule` contract through the rebalancing process. Consider a scenario where the executor calls the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function during rebalancing. The `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function has three steps: withdrawing all assets from the pool, swapping the tokens, and depositing the assets back into the pool.

```solidity
    function swap(
        bool zeroForOne_,
        uint256 expectedMinReturn_,
        uint256 amountIn_,
        address router_,
        uint160 expectedSqrtSpotPriceUpperX96_,
        uint160 expectedSqrtSpotPriceLowerX96_,
        bytes calldata payload_
    ) external onlyManager whenNotPaused {
        [...]

363         alm.withdrawLiquidity(_amt0, _amt1, address(this), 0, 0);

        [...]

376         (bool success,) = router_.call(payload_);
        
        [...]

406     alm.depositLiquidity(
            balance0,
            balance1,
            expectedSqrtSpotPriceLowerX96_,
            expectedSqrtSpotPriceUpperX96_
        );

        [...]
    }
```

During the rebalancing, there are two checks in place: the `maxDeviation` check for the price, and the `maxSlippagePIPS` check for the total underlying of the vault. However, within the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function, there will be no change in the pool's price, as the withdrawing and depositing operations do not modify the `_ammState`. Additionally, the `maxSlippagePIPS` check for the total underlying value will also pass, as all swapped tokens are also deposited back into the pool.

As a result, a malicious executor can execute arbitrary swaps, leading to a significant alteration of the ratio between the amounts of `token0` and `token1` held in the pool. This imbalance in the pool's token composition effectively changes the exchange rate of the pool's assets. This exchange rate manipulation could ultimately result in a loss of funds for pool participants.

## Impact

Malicious executors can substantially manipulate the pool's exchange rate.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisStandardManager.sol#L322-L421

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/abstracts/ValantisHOTModule.sol#L326-L416

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There should be a check to ensure the ratio between the amounts of `token0` and `token1` held in the pool remains within an acceptable range, in the `ValantisHOTModule.swap()` function.