Careful Azure Baboon

high

# 0xlookman - `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol::swapAndAddLiquidity` can be used to steal `eth`\ native token funds from this contract

 
---
0xlookman 

High 

## `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol::swapAndAddLiquidity` can be used to steal `eth`\ native token funds from this contract 
---
## Summary
Calling `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol::swapAndAddLiquidity` with `msg.value` and `params_.addData.amountMax` zero with the native token vault, allows a user to bypass checks hence stealing money from the contract.


## Vulnerability Detail
In `ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol` the function `swapAndAddLiquidity` allows users to swap and add Liquidity to the pool. 

But an attacker can exploit this function when he pretends to be using the vault with the native token to steal funds kept in this contract. 

The function checks whether one of the swap tokens is the native token and checks if the `params_.addData.amountMax` is zero and `msg.value` amount of this call is the same as the one specified in the parameters in the code below. 

```Solidity
// #endregion checks.

        if (
            token0 == nativeToken && params_.addData.amount0Max > 0
                && msg.value != params_.addData.amount0Max
        ) {
            revert NotEnoughNativeTokenSent();
        }

        if (
            token1 == nativeToken && params_.addData.amount1Max > 0
                && msg.value != params_.addData.amount1Max
        ) {
            revert NotEnoughNativeTokenSent();
        }

        // #region interactions. 

```
An attacker can bybass this when he uses the native token vault but sends an empty or zero `msg.value` and  `params_.addData.amountMax` to the contract.  This will bypass the above check. 

The attacker can set the `amountInSwap` to be an amount already in the contract. 

He can send a few tokens of the other token that are equal to that token's `params_.addData.amountMax` to bypass the check the checks below. 

```Solidity 
if (
            params_.addData.amount0Max == 0
                && params_.addData.amount1Max == 0
        ) {
            revert EmptyMaxAmounts();
        }

```
and this one

```Solidity 
if (params_.addData.amount0Max > 0 && token0 != nativeToken) {
            IERC20(token0).safeTransferFrom(
                msg.sender, address(this), params_.addData.amount0Max
            );
        }
        if (params_.addData.amount1Max > 0 && token1 != nativeToken) {
            IERC20(token1).safeTransferFrom(
                msg.sender, address(this), params_.addData.amount1Max
            );
        }
```

He can use a contrary `params_.swapData.zeroForOne` param. 

He can ensure the `RouterSwapExecutor ` contract returns zero for the native token's `amountDiff` hence shares will be minted for the sender. 

These functions are `nonRentrant` but the contract has a `receive() payable` function which can receive the native token from other sources and it is these funds an attacker can exploit. 



## Impact 
 Someone can steal funds from the protocol and get a share of the vault tokens that he has not paid for while giving away a few tokens.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-arrakis/blob/main/arrakis-modular/src/ArrakisPublicVaultRouter.sol#L200

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add extra checks to ensure when a person is swapping for the native to the other token, the `params_.addData.amountMax` of the native should not be zero.